tutorial>alerting:get started with grafana alerting part 3 (#98093)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/fundamentals/notifications/group-alert-notifications.md

### A single group for all alerts

> If you want to group all alerts handled by the notification policy in a single group (without grouping notifications by alert rule or other labels), you can do so by leaving `Group by` empty in the Default policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to group all alerts handled by the notification policy in a single group (without grouping notifications by alert rule or other labels), leave `Group by` empty in the Default policy.
```
